Document the gateway metrics port requirements (#392)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting_started/_index.en.md

* Submariner uses UDP port 4800 to encapsulate Pod traffic from worker and master nodes to the Gateway nodes. This is required in order to
preserve the source IP addresses of the Pods. Ensure that firewall configuration allows 4800/UDP across all nodes in the cluster in both
directions.

> * Submariner uses TCP port 8080 to export metrics on the Gateway nodes. Ensure that firewall configuration allows 8080/TCP access from
> your Prometheus nodes to the gateway nodes, and that no other workload on the Gateway nodes attempts to bind port 8080.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Submariner uses TCP port 8080 to export metrics on the Gateway nodes. Ensure that firewall configuration allows ingress 8080/TCP on the Gateway nodes inorder for other nodes in the cluster to access it. Also, no other workload on the Gateway nodes should be listening on TCP port 8080.
```

Author: Thanks, applied (with some fixes).
